Part 4: Individual Write Up
Create a new file docs/first_last_submission_03.md file in your github repository, where first and last is the first and last name of each team member. In other words, every team member should have a file corresponding to their first and last names. Each team member must submit three paragraphs that describe exactly what she did as an individual that contributed to the project as a whole. For example:

I contributed to several aspects of the project. Specifically, I worked on creating the form for writing a new review and adding this data to our database. While initially I attempted to create the form in a forms.py file, I went through multiple revisions and found that creating a ModelForm would best suit our database. To create the WriteReviewForm as a ModelForm, I had to make some alterations to our existing models. For the Review model I changed the member variables for starRating, gradeRecieved, date and author to allow for dynamic input of data through forms. Some of these fields needed to be modified to become choice fields (i.e. a dropdown in our form).

Additionally, to render the form I needed to make changes to the review view. This included requiring a user to be logged in in order to post a review. Once a user was logged in, the page would render a WriteReviewForm and clean the data before creating a new review object and adding this object to the database (while also linking it to the reviews for the given course). After the user inputs a review for a specific course they are redirected to that course page.

I also modified the WriteReviewTemplate to display the forms passed as context to the review() function in views.py. Lastly. I created a group within the init.py file called “Course Admin.” Any user in the course admin group has the permission to add a course.
